Relation "DGIDB::ACTIVATOR::Gene:Compound" refers to "activation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "An activator interaction is when a drug activates a biological response from a target, although the mechanism by which it does so may not be understood.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::AGONIST::Gene:Compound" refers to "agonism" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "An agonist interaction occurs when a drug binds to a target receptor and activates the receptor to produce a biological response.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::ALLOSTERIC MODULATOR::Gene:Compound" refers to "allosteric modulation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "An allosteric modulator interaction occurs when drugs exert their effects on their protein targets via a different binding site than the natural (orthosteric) ligand site.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::ANTAGONIST::Gene:Compound" refers to "antagonism" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "An antagonist interaction occurs when a drug blocks or dampens agonist-mediated responses rather than provoking a biological response itself upon binding to a target receptor.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::ANTIBODY::Gene:Compound" refers to "antibody" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "An antibody interaction occurs when an antibody drug specifically binds the target molecule.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::BINDER::Gene:Compound" refers to "binding" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "A binder interaction has drugs physically binding to their target.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::BLOCKER::Gene:Compound" refers to "blocking" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Antagonist interactions are sometimes referred to as blocker interactions; examples include alpha blockers, beta blockers, and calcium channel blockers.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::CHANNEL BLOCKER::Gene:Compound" refers to "channel blocking" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::INHIBITOR::Gene:Compound" refers to "inhibition" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "In inhibitor interactions, the drug binds to a target and decreases its expression or activity. Most interactions of this class are enzyme inhibitors, which bind an enzyme to reduce enzyme activity.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::MODULATOR::Gene:Compound" refers to "modulation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "In modulator interactions, the drug regulates or changes the activity of its target. In contrast to allosteric modulators, this interaction type may not involve any direct binding to the target.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::OTHER::Gene:Compound" refers to "other" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "This is a label given by the reporting source to an interaction that doesn't belong to other interaction types, as defined by the reporting source.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::PARTIAL AGONIST::Gene:Compound" refers to "partial agonism" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "In a partial antagonist interaction, a drug will only partially reduce the amplitude of a functional response at its target receptor, as compared to the reduction of response by a full antagonist.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DGIDB::POSITIVE ALLOSTERIC MODULATOR::Gene:Compound" refers to "positive allosteric modulation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "In a positive allosteric modulator interaction, the drug increases activity of the target enzyme.". Source database of this relation is DGIDB.
Relation "DRUGBANK::carrier::Compound:Gene" refers to "carrier" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Gene acts as a carrier which binds to a drug and modifies its pharmacokinetics.". Source database of this relation is DRUGBANK.
Relation "DRUGBANK::ddi-interactor-in::Compound:Compound" refers to "drug-drug interaction" type interaction between "Compound" and "Compound". This interaction type can be described as "In DrugBank, this relation refers to a change in a drug's effect on the body when the drug is taken with other drugs.". Source database of this relation is DRUGBANK.
Relation "DRUGBANK::enzyme::Compound:Gene" refers to "enzyme" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Gene acts as an enzyme that facilitates the occurrence of a metabolic reaction by interacting with and transforming a drug or chemical to one or more specific metabolites.". Source database of this relation is DRUGBANK.
Relation "DRUGBANK::target::Compound:Gene" refers to "target" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "The drug binds or otherwise interacts with the gene, resulting in an alteration of the normal function of the bound molecule and desirable therapeutic effects or unwanted adverse effects.". Source database of this relation is DRUGBANK.
Relation "DRUGBANK::x-atc::Compound:Atc" refers to "Compound belongs to Anatomical Therapeutic Chemical (ATC) code." type interaction between "ATC" and "Compound". This interaction type can be described as "We extend the hierarchical ATC classification information of drugs from their corresponding ATC codes and connect entities representing each level of ATC into certain drugs.". Source database of this relation is DRUGBANK.
Relation "DRUGBANK::treats::Compound:Disease" refers to "Compound treats the disease" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". This interaction type can be described as "We extract  the  associated  conditions  related  to  compound entities in the drugbank.". Source database of this relation is DRUGBANK.
Relation "GNBR::A+::Compound:Gene" refers to "agonism, activation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::A-::Compound:Gene" refers to "antagonism, blocking" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::B::Compound:Gene" refers to "binding, ligand (esp. receptors)" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::B::Gene:Gene" refers to "binding, ligand (esp. receptors)" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::C::Compound:Disease" refers to "inhibits cell growth (esp. cancers)" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::D::Gene:Disease" refers to "drug targets" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::E+::Compound:Gene" refers to "increases expression/production" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::E+::Gene:Gene" refers to "increases expression/production" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::E-::Compound:Gene" refers to "decreases expression/production" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::E::Compound:Gene" refers to "affects expression/production (neutral)" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::E::Gene:Gene" refers to "affects expression/production (neutral)" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::G::Gene:Disease" refers to "promotes progression" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::H::Gene:Gene" refers to "same protein or complex" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::I::Gene:Gene" refers to "signaling pathway" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::J::Compound:Disease" refers to "role in disease pathogenesis" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::J::Gene:Disease" refers to "role in pathogenesis" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::K::Compound:Gene" refers to "metabolism, pharmacokinetics" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::L::Gene:Disease" refers to "improper regulation linked to disease" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Md::Gene:Disease" refers to "biomarkers (diagnostic)" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Mp::Compound:Disease" refers to "biomarkers (of disease progression)" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::N::Compound:Gene" refers to "inhibits" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::O::Compound:Gene" refers to "transport, channels" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Pa::Compound:Disease" refers to "alleviates, reduces" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Pr::Compound:Disease" refers to "prevents, suppresses" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Q::Gene:Gene" refers to "production by cell population" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Rg::Gene:Gene" refers to "regulation" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Sa::Compound:Disease" refers to "side effect/adverse event" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::T::Compound:Disease" refers to "treatment/therapy (including investigatory)" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Te::Gene:Disease" refers to "possible therapeutic effect" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::U::Gene:Disease" refers to "causal mutations" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Ud::Gene:Disease" refers to "mutations affecting disease course" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::V+::Gene:Gene" refers to "activates, stimulates" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::W::Gene:Gene" refers to "enhances response" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::X::Gene:Disease" refers to "overexpression in disease" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Y::Gene:Disease" refers to "polymorphisms alter risk" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::Z::Compound:Gene" refers to "enzyme activity" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "GNBR::in_tax::Gene:Tax" refers to "gene belongs to taxonomy" type interaction between "Gene" and "Tax". Source database of this relation is GNBR.
Relation "Hetionet::AdG::Anatomy:Gene" refers to "downregulatation" type interaction between "Anatomy" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::AeG::Anatomy:Gene" refers to "expression" type interaction between "Anatomy" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::AuG::Anatomy:Gene" refers to "upregulation" type interaction between "Anatomy" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::CbG::Compound:Gene" refers to "binding" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::CcSE::Compound:Side Effect" refers to "causes" type interaction between "Compound" and "Side Effect". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::CdG::Compound:Gene" refers to "downregulation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::CpD::Compound:Disease" refers to "palliation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::CrC::Compound:Compound" refers to "resemblence" type interaction between "Compound" and "Compound". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::CtD::Compound:Disease" refers to "treatment" type interaction between "Compound" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::CuG::Compound:Gene" refers to "upregulation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::DaG::Disease:Gene" refers to "association" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::DdG::Disease:Gene" refers to "downregulation" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::DlA::Disease:Anatomy" refers to "localization" type interaction between "Anatomy" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::DpS::Disease:Symptom" refers to "presents" type interaction between "Disease" and "Symptom". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::DrD::Disease:Disease" refers to "resemblence" type interaction between "Diisease" and "Disease". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::DuG::Disease:Gene" refers to "upregulation" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::GcG::Gene:Gene" refers to "covariation" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::GiG::Gene:Gene" refers to "interaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::GpBP::Gene:Biological Process" refers to "participation" type interaction between "Biological Process" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::GpCC::Gene:Cellular Component" refers to "participation" type interaction between "Cellular Component" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::GpMF::Gene:Molecular Function" refers to "participation" type interaction between "Gene" and "Molecular Function". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::GpPW::Gene:Pathway" refers to "participation" type interaction between "Gene" and "Pathway". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::Gr>G::Gene:Gene" refers to "regulation" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "Hetionet::PCiC::Pharmacologic Class:Compound" refers to "inclusion" type interaction between "Compound" and "Pharmacologic Class". Source database of this relation is HETIONET.
Relation "INTACT::ADP RIBOSYLATION REACTION::Gene:Gene" refers to "ADP ribosylation reaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Involves the addition of one or more ADP-ribose moieties to proteins.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::ASSOCIATION::Compound:Gene" refers to "association" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Interaction between molecules that may participate in formation of one, but possibly more, physical complexes.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::ASSOCIATION::Gene:Gene" refers to "association" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Interaction between molecules that may participate in formation of one, but possibly more, physical complexes.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::CLEAVAGE REACTION::Gene:Gene" refers to "cleavage reaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Covalent bond breakage in a molecule leading to the formation of smaller molecules.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::COLOCALIZATION::Gene:Gene" refers to "colocalization" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Coincident occurrence of molecules in a given subcellular fraction observed with a low resolution methodology from which a physical interaction among those molecules cannot be inferred.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::DEPHOSPHORYLATION REACTION::Gene:Gene" refers to "dephosphorylation reaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Phosphoresidues are cleaved and return D,C,H,S,T,Y or R residues.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::DIRECT INTERACTION::Compound:Gene" refers to "direct interation" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Interaction between molecules that are in direct contact with each other.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::DIRECT INTERACTION::Gene:Gene" refers to "direct interation" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Interaction between molecules that are in direct contact with each other.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::PHOSPHORYLATION REACTION::Gene:Gene" refers to "phosphorylation reaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Reversible reaction that can affect D,C,H,S,T,Y,R residues.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::PHYSICAL ASSOCIATION::Compound:Gene" refers to "physical association" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Interaction between molecules within the same physical complex.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::PHYSICAL ASSOCIATION::Gene:Gene" refers to "physical association" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Interaction between molecules within the same physical complex.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::PROTEIN CLEAVAGE::Gene:Gene" refers to "protein cleavage" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Covalent modification of a polypeptide occuring during its maturation or its proteolytic degradation.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "INTACT::UBIQUITINATION REACTION::Gene:Gene" refers to "ubiquitination reaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Reversible reaction that create a covalent bond between a C-terminus G of ubiquitin and a K residue of the target.". Source database of this relation is IntAct.
Relation "STRING::ACTIVATION::Gene:Gene" refers to "activation" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is STRING.
Relation "STRING::BINDING::Gene:Gene" refers to "binding" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is STRING.
Relation "STRING::CATALYSIS::Gene:Gene" refers to "catalysis" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is STRING.
Relation "STRING::EXPRESSION::Gene:Gene" refers to "expression" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is STRING.
Relation "STRING::INHIBITION::Gene:Gene" refers to "inhibition" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is STRING.
Relation "STRING::OTHER::Gene:Gene" refers to "other" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "interaction that doesn't belong to other interaction types.". Source database of this relation is STRING.
Relation "STRING::PTMOD::Gene:Gene" refers to "post-translational modification" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Post-translational modification (PTM) refers to the covalent and generally enzymatic modification of proteins following protein biosynthesis.". Source database of this relation is STRING.
Relation "STRING::REACTION::Gene:Gene" refers to "reaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is STRING.
Relation "bioarx::Coronavirus_ass_host_gene::Disease:Gene" refers to "interaction" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Interactions between the 6 Covid-19 related  diseases namely IBV, HCoV-229E, HCoV-NL63, SARS, MERS and MHV, and 117 host proteins.". Source database of this relation is BIBLIOGRAPHY.
Relation "bioarx::Covid2_acc_host_gene::Disease:Gene" refers to "interaction" type interaction between "Disease" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Interactions between 27 viral  proteins,  and 332 physically associated human genes.". Source database of this relation is BIBLIOGRAPHY.
Relation "bioarx::DrugHumGen:Compound:Gene" refers to "interaction" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is BIBLIOGRAPHY.
Relation "bioarx::DrugVirGen:Compound:Gene" refers to "interaction" type interaction between "Compound" and "Gene". Source database of this relation is BIBLIOGRAPHY.
Relation "bioarx::HumGenHumGen:Gene:Gene" refers to "interaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Protein-protein interaction". Source database of this relation is BIBLIOGRAPHY.
Relation "bioarx::VirGenHumGen:Gene:Gene" refers to "interaction" type interaction between "Gene" and "Gene". This interaction type can be described as "Protein-protein interaction". Source database of this relation is BIBLIOGRAPHY.
